README.rst, before:

audio_annotation_tool
==========

Install and run the project on the local computer
--------------

1. Install the docker and the docker-compose. For the docker install you can use `the official documentation guide`_.

.. _`the official documentation guide`: https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/ubuntulinux/

2. Clone the **dev** branch of the repository

3. Create file with name **.env** in project root (near **dev.yml** file) with text

::

    DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.local

4. Stop the postgresql service on your computer (if it exist)

::

    $ sudo service postgresql stop

5. Build the project with command

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml build

6. After build, run the server with command (you can use **-d** param for run server in background-mode)

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml up

7. Now you can add admin user with command

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml run django python manage.py createsuperuser

8. Open http://127.0.0.1:8000 in browser

Commit message:

Update README.rst: installation guide

README.rst, after:

BAT - BMAT Annotation Tool
==========

Install and run the project on the local computer
--------------

1. Install docker and docker-compose. For the details on docker installation you can use `the official documentation guide`_.

.. _`the official documentation guide`: https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/ubuntulinux/

2. Clone the **master** branch of this repository.

3. Create file named **.env** in the project root (near the **dev.yml** file) with the following text:

::

    DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=config.settings.local

4. Stop the postgresql service on your computer (if it exist).

::

    $ sudo service postgresql stop

5. Build the project.

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml build
    
6. Now you can add an admin user.

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml run django python manage.py createsuperuser

7. Run the tool locally or on the server (you can use **-d** to run server in background-mode).

::

    $ docker-compose -f dev.yml up



8. Open **http://localhost:XXXX/annotation_tool/** or **http://<your_server>:XXXX/annotation_tool/** in your browser (XXXX is the port defined in dev.yml -> django -> ports -> XXXX:8000)
